README.md, before:

# Hacktoberfest-2021-Repos
A compilation of all valid repos for Hacktoberfest 2021. A list of invalid repos can be found [here](./blacklist/).

## Table of Contents
### Topics
<details>
<summary>Topics</summary>

* [Algorithms and Data Structures](#algorithms-and-data-structures)
* [Bots](#bots)
* [General](#general)
* [Github Profile](#github-profile)
* [Linux](#linux)
* [Themes](#themes)
  * [VSCode](#vscode)
* [Machine Learning](#machine-learning)
* [Resources](#resources)
* [Web Dev](#web-dev)
</details>

### Languages
<details>
<summary>Languages</summary>

* [C](#c)
* [C++](#cpp-c)
* [Haskell](#haskell)
* [HTML](#html)
* [Java](#java)
* [JavaScript](#javascript)
* [Python](#python)
* [TypeScript](#typescript)
</details>

## Repo By Topic
### Algorithms and Data Structures
| | |
|--|--|
| [OpenGenus/cosmos](https://github.com/OpenGenus/cosmos) | algorithms on AI, CP, crypto, quantum, and more in C, C++, Java, JS, Swift, Python, Go, and more | 
| [ZoranPandovski/al-go-rithms](https://github.com/ZoranPandovski/al-go-rithms) | search, sort, math, crypto, geometry, graph theory, DP, DS, and more types of algorithms in various languages | 
| [codedecks-in](https://github.com/codedecks-in) | solutions to various problems on different different online judges and interview prep sites, most repos can count towards Hacktoberfest | 
| [TheAlgorithms](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms) | algorithm implementations in various different languages, most repos can count towards Hacktoberfest | 
| [shivprime94/Data-Structure-Algorithms](https://github.com/shivprime94/Data-Structure-Algorithms) | various algorithms and data structures as well as solution code to some CP platforms | 
| [mad003/Sorting-Algos](https://github.com/mad003/Sorting-Algos) | sorting algorithms in various languages | 
| [hhhrrrttt222111/Patterns](https://github.com/hhhrrrttt222111/Patterns) | patterns in various languages |
| [TARANG0503/DSA-Practice](https://github.com/TARANG0503/DSA-Practice) | |
| [CrackerSuman/Algorithms](https://github.com/CrackerSuman/Algorithms) | small algorithms repository |

### Bots
| | |
|--|--|
| [DistroByte/ComfyBot](https://github.com/DistroByte/ComfyBot) | an open source multipurpose Discord bot written in Discord.js |
| [awsheeshh/Kanna-Chan](https://github.com/awsheeshh/Kanna-Chan) | multipurpose and open source Discord bot (verified) written in Discord.py |

### General
| | |
|--|--|
| [vijaygupta18/Hacktoberfest-2021](https://github.com/vijaygupta18/Hacktoberfest-2021) | algorithms and projects | 
| [florinpop17/app-ideas](https://github.com/florinpop17/app-ideas) | compilation of possible coding projects to make | 
| [Amsal1/Hacktoberfest-2021](https://github.com/Amsal1/Hacktoberfest-2021) | various programs in various languages | 
| [Magnesiaworld/Hacktoberfest_2021](https://github.com/Magnesiaworld/Hacktoberfest_2021) | random code in Python, C++, HTML, CSS | 
| [vinitshahdeo/HBD](https://github.com/vinitshahdeo/HBD) | creative ways to wish someone happy birthday with code | 
| [Coder-forfun/Hactoberfest-accepted](https://github.com/Coder-forfun/Hactoberfest-accepted) | algorithms and projects in any language | 
| [Abhinandan323/Programming-notes](https://github.com/Abhinandan323/Programming-notes) | various different algorithms and small projects in C++, C, Java, and Python | 
| [5h0bh4nk/FizzBuzz-Hacktoberfest-2021](https://github.com/5h0bh4nk/FizzBuzz-Hacktoberfest-2021) | fizzbuzz is various different languages | 
| [zeel-codder/Recursion-Hub](https://github.com/zeel-codder/Recursion-Hub) | recursive solutions to any problem in any language | 
| [many-passwords](https://github.com/many-passwords) | aimts to collect default passwords of various devices and sites | 
| [Mimic-Tools/name-generation](https://github.com/Mimic-Tools/name-generation) | character name generation | 
| [Learn-Write-Repeat/Hacktoberfest-Contribution](https://github.com/Learn-Write-Repeat/Hacktoberfest-Contribution) | contribution can be from any topic like your mini-project, algorithms, solution to coding problem, etc. | 
| [PraSarOG/Hacktoberfest-21](https://github.com/PraSarOG/Hacktoberfest-21) | any program in any programming language |
| [wafarifki/Hacktoberfest_2021](https://github.com/wafarifki/Hacktoberfest_2021) | any program in any programming language |
| [eraaxit/emoticon-suggestor](https://github.com/eraaxit/emoticon-suggestor) | suggests emojis based on a word (not machine learning) |
| [MarcosDaNight/Hacktoberfest-Baby-Steps](https://github.com/MarcosDaNight/Hacktoberfest-Baby-Steps) | hello word, funny code, or any code in any language |
| [ishkapoor2000/PRACTICE_HACKTOBERFEST2021](https://github.com/ishkapoor2000/PRACTICE_HACKTOBERFEST2021) | code (or not code, ie. content or designs) in Arduino, miscellaneous programming things, and machine learning |
| [bigyanic/Hacktoberfest-Simple-Practice-Programmes](https://github.com/bigyanic/Hacktoberfest-Simple-Practice-Programmes) | simple programs in various languages (has suggestions of program ideas) |
| [Htrap1862/Hacktoberfest2021](https://github.com/Htrap1862/Hacktoberfest2021) | commit poems, programs, literally anything |
| [varunherlekar/lets-do-it](https://github.com/varunherlekar/lets-do-it) | Live HTML, CSS & Js Todo web-app |

### Github Profile
| | |
|--|--|
| [Ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph](https://github.com/Ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph) | a Github README profile contributions graph | 
| [DenverCoder1/readme-typing-svg](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/readme-typing-svg) | a typing SVG for Github README profiles | 
| [anuraghazra/github-readme-stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) | gives a Github profile summary, most used languages, repo cards, and Wakatime cards | 
| [DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats) | displays current and longest Github activity streak | 
| [jamesgeorge007/github-activity-readme](https://github.com/jamesgeorge007/github-activity-readme) | updates Github README to show most recent Github activity | 
| [gautamkrishnar/blog-post-workflow](https://github.com/gautamkrishnar/blog-post-workflow) | updates Github README to show latest blog posts from various sources |

### Linux
| | |
|--|--|
| [bobbyiliev/101-linux-commands-ebook](https://github.com/bobbyiliev/101-linux-commands-ebook) | a guidebook for Linux commands |

### Machine Learning
| | |
|--|--|
| [gdscjgec/ML-Gallery](https://github.com/gdscjgec/ML-Gallery) | various classification, regression, clustering, neural networks, and deep learning algorithms |
| [academic/awesome-datascience](https://github.com/academic/awesome-datascience) | collection of data science |

### Resources
| | |
|--|--|
| [public-apis/public-apis](https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis) | a list of public APIs | 
| [vinitshahdeo/Hacktoberfest2021](https://github.com/vinitshahdeo/Hacktoberfest2021) | a guide on contributing to open source as well as a list of beginner friendly projects | 
| [swapagarwal/swag-for-dev](https://github.com/swapagarwal/swag-for-dev) | a list of swag that developers can get | 
| [EbookFoundation/free-programming-books](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books) | compilation of programming e-books | 
| [sdmg15/Best-websites-a-programmer-should-visit](https://github.com/sdmg15/Best-websites-a-programmer-should-visit) | compilation of programming websites |

### Themes
#### VSCode
| | |
|--|--|
| [abhishek-dhnma/Vinent-Van-VsCode-theme](https://github.com/abhishek-dhnma/Vinent-Van-VsCode-theme) | a VSCode theme |
| [musm/min-tomorrow-theme](https://github.com/musm/min-tomorrow-theme) | |

### Web Dev
| | |
|--|--|
| [avinash201199/stopwatch](https://github.com/avinash201199/stopwatch) | stopwatch with HTML, CSS, JS | 
| [mykartadmin/TailwindReactBoilerplate](https://github.com/mykartadmin/TailwindReactBoilerplate) | startup setup for tailwind and react | 
| [siddhi-244/Embellish](https://github.com/siddhi-244/Embellish) | snippets of HTML, CSS, JS things | 
| [mrbyyn/simple-web-project-collection](https://github.com/mrbyyn/simple-web-project-collection) | various web projects | 
| [sonaiX69/dfgdfnfdgndfbdfbsrdbddrhf](https://github.com/sonaiX69/dfgdfnfdgndfbdfbsrdbddrhf) | cool website styling trick | 
| [anurag-crypto/Awesome-web-components](https://github.com/anurag-crypto/Awesome-web-components) | fun frontend stuff | 
| [Coders-Evoke-Community/Amazing-Frontend_Templates](https://github.com/Coders-Evoke-Community/Amazing-Frontend_Templates) | coding frontend templates using HTML, CSS, JS. |
| [charukalyani/netflix_clone](https://github.com/charukalyani/netflix_clone) | a Netflix clone created with CodeSandbox |
| [shubham-2611/Hacker-News-Clone](https://github.com/shubham-2611/Hacker-News-Clone) | clone of HackerNews using the HackerNews API and React |

## Repo By Launguage
### C
| | |
|--|--|
| [divyanshugarg36/c-programs](https://github.com/divyanshugarg36/c-programs) | various programs in C |

### CPP (C++)
| | |
|--|--|
| [amritansh22/Data-Structures-and-Algorithms-in-cpp](https://github.com/amritansh22/Data-Structures-and-Algorithms-in-cpp) | self explanatory title |
| [iamAnki/CPP-Programs-](https://github.com/iamAnki/CPP-Programs-) | C++ algorithms/programs |
| [fauziajalal/city-guessing-game](https://github.com/fauziajalal/city-guessing-game) | A game in which computer will select a random Indian city name and you have to guess next city name based on the last letter of current city name. |

### Haskell
| | |
|--|--|
| [kowainik/learn4haskell](https://github.com/kowainik/learn4haskell) | learn Haskell with pull requests |

### HTML
| | |
|--|--|
| [kokonior/HTML-Projects](https://github.com/kokonior/HTML-Projects) | various small HTML projects |
| [RitwikSachdeva/csneeds](https://github.com/RitwikSachdeva/csneeds) | various projects to contribute |
| [Linux-User-Group/hacktoberfest2021-HTML](https://github.com/Linux-User-Group/hacktoberfest2021-HTML) | good repository to learn |

### Java
| | |
|--|--|
| [iluwatar/java-design-patterns](https://github.com/iluwatar/java-design-patterns) | shows Java's design patterns | 
| [ashwiniswag/Personal-Diary](https://github.com/ashwiniswag/Personal-Diary) | Java Android diary app | 
| [jvm-coder/Java_Programs](https://github.com/jvm-coder/Java_Programs) | various Java programs |
| [atulanand26/myclassroom](https://github.com/atulanand26/myclassroom) | work on project to make that more useful |
| [decode11/decode-1-rep](https://github.com/decode11/decode-1-rep) | decoding repo to contribute |


### JavaScript
| | |
|--|--|
| [DistroByte/ComfyBot](https://github.com/DistroByte/ComfyBot) | an open source multipurpose Discord bot written in Discord.js | 
| [kokonior/Javascript-Projects](https://github.com/kokonior/Javascript-Projects) | various projects and code snippets in JavaScript | 
| [kokonior/NodeJS-Projects](https://github.com/kokonior/NodeJS-Projects) | projects and code snippets in Node |

### Python
| | |
|--|--|
| [pyGuru123/HackPython-21](https://github.com/pyGuru123/HackPython-21) | various different projects and algorithms in Python including web scraping, Tkinter, data analysis, and more | 
| [IEEE-VIT/concy-bot](https://github.com/IEEE-VIT/concy-bot) | a Python Discord bot | 
| [shashwat211/spaceShooter](https://github.com/shashwat211/spaceShooter) | classic space shooter game in Python | 
| [kokonior/Python-Projects](https://github.com/kokonior/Python-Projects) | various projects and snippets of code in Python | 
| [HowkMii/ProgrammingProblem](https://github.com/HowkMii/ProgrammingProblem) | solving coding and interview problems in Python |
| [Chelsea31/xbox-scraper](https://github.com/Chelsea31/xbox-scraper) | simple web scraper to find xbox series x availability across shopping websites |

### TypeScript
| | |
|--|--|
| [LBBO/generate-web-app](https://github.com/LBBO/generate-web-app) | |
| [chankruze/mwbr](https://github.com/chankruze/mwbr) | This is a very basic setup for a react app |

Commit message:

Adds learning resource repo to README.md

README.md, after:

# Hacktoberfest-2021-Repos
A compilation of all valid repos for Hacktoberfest 2021. A list of invalid repos can be found [here](./blacklist/).

## Table of Contents
### Topics
<details>
<summary>Topics</summary>

* [Algorithms and Data Structures](#algorithms-and-data-structures)
* [Bots](#bots)
* [General](#general)
* [Github Profile](#github-profile)
* [Linux](#linux)
* [Themes](#themes)
  * [VSCode](#vscode)
* [Machine Learning](#machine-learning)
* [Resources](#resources)
* [Web Dev](#web-dev)
</details>

### Languages
<details>
<summary>Languages</summary>

* [C](#c)
* [C++](#cpp-c)
* [Haskell](#haskell)
* [HTML](#html)
* [Java](#java)
* [JavaScript](#javascript)
* [Python](#python)
* [TypeScript](#typescript)
</details>

## Repo By Topic
### Algorithms and Data Structures
| | |
|--|--|
| [OpenGenus/cosmos](https://github.com/OpenGenus/cosmos) | algorithms on AI, CP, crypto, quantum, and more in C, C++, Java, JS, Swift, Python, Go, and more | 
| [ZoranPandovski/al-go-rithms](https://github.com/ZoranPandovski/al-go-rithms) | search, sort, math, crypto, geometry, graph theory, DP, DS, and more types of algorithms in various languages | 
| [codedecks-in](https://github.com/codedecks-in) | solutions to various problems on different different online judges and interview prep sites, most repos can count towards Hacktoberfest | 
| [TheAlgorithms](https://github.com/TheAlgorithms) | algorithm implementations in various different languages, most repos can count towards Hacktoberfest | 
| [shivprime94/Data-Structure-Algorithms](https://github.com/shivprime94/Data-Structure-Algorithms) | various algorithms and data structures as well as solution code to some CP platforms | 
| [mad003/Sorting-Algos](https://github.com/mad003/Sorting-Algos) | sorting algorithms in various languages | 
| [hhhrrrttt222111/Patterns](https://github.com/hhhrrrttt222111/Patterns) | patterns in various languages |
| [TARANG0503/DSA-Practice](https://github.com/TARANG0503/DSA-Practice) | |
| [CrackerSuman/Algorithms](https://github.com/CrackerSuman/Algorithms) | small algorithms repository |

### Bots
| | |
|--|--|
| [DistroByte/ComfyBot](https://github.com/DistroByte/ComfyBot) | an open source multipurpose Discord bot written in Discord.js |
| [awsheeshh/Kanna-Chan](https://github.com/awsheeshh/Kanna-Chan) | multipurpose and open source Discord bot (verified) written in Discord.py |

### General
| | |
|--|--|
| [vijaygupta18/Hacktoberfest-2021](https://github.com/vijaygupta18/Hacktoberfest-2021) | algorithms and projects | 
| [florinpop17/app-ideas](https://github.com/florinpop17/app-ideas) | compilation of possible coding projects to make | 
| [Amsal1/Hacktoberfest-2021](https://github.com/Amsal1/Hacktoberfest-2021) | various programs in various languages | 
| [Magnesiaworld/Hacktoberfest_2021](https://github.com/Magnesiaworld/Hacktoberfest_2021) | random code in Python, C++, HTML, CSS | 
| [vinitshahdeo/HBD](https://github.com/vinitshahdeo/HBD) | creative ways to wish someone happy birthday with code | 
| [Coder-forfun/Hactoberfest-accepted](https://github.com/Coder-forfun/Hactoberfest-accepted) | algorithms and projects in any language | 
| [Abhinandan323/Programming-notes](https://github.com/Abhinandan323/Programming-notes) | various different algorithms and small projects in C++, C, Java, and Python | 
| [5h0bh4nk/FizzBuzz-Hacktoberfest-2021](https://github.com/5h0bh4nk/FizzBuzz-Hacktoberfest-2021) | fizzbuzz is various different languages | 
| [zeel-codder/Recursion-Hub](https://github.com/zeel-codder/Recursion-Hub) | recursive solutions to any problem in any language | 
| [many-passwords](https://github.com/many-passwords) | aimts to collect default passwords of various devices and sites | 
| [Mimic-Tools/name-generation](https://github.com/Mimic-Tools/name-generation) | character name generation | 
| [Learn-Write-Repeat/Hacktoberfest-Contribution](https://github.com/Learn-Write-Repeat/Hacktoberfest-Contribution) | contribution can be from any topic like your mini-project, algorithms, solution to coding problem, etc. | 
| [PraSarOG/Hacktoberfest-21](https://github.com/PraSarOG/Hacktoberfest-21) | any program in any programming language |
| [wafarifki/Hacktoberfest_2021](https://github.com/wafarifki/Hacktoberfest_2021) | any program in any programming language |
| [eraaxit/emoticon-suggestor](https://github.com/eraaxit/emoticon-suggestor) | suggests emojis based on a word (not machine learning) |
| [MarcosDaNight/Hacktoberfest-Baby-Steps](https://github.com/MarcosDaNight/Hacktoberfest-Baby-Steps) | hello word, funny code, or any code in any language |
| [ishkapoor2000/PRACTICE_HACKTOBERFEST2021](https://github.com/ishkapoor2000/PRACTICE_HACKTOBERFEST2021) | code (or not code, ie. content or designs) in Arduino, miscellaneous programming things, and machine learning |
| [bigyanic/Hacktoberfest-Simple-Practice-Programmes](https://github.com/bigyanic/Hacktoberfest-Simple-Practice-Programmes) | simple programs in various languages (has suggestions of program ideas) |
| [Htrap1862/Hacktoberfest2021](https://github.com/Htrap1862/Hacktoberfest2021) | commit poems, programs, literally anything |
| [varunherlekar/lets-do-it](https://github.com/varunherlekar/lets-do-it) | Live HTML, CSS & Js Todo web-app |

### Github Profile
| | |
|--|--|
| [Ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph](https://github.com/Ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph) | a Github README profile contributions graph | 
| [DenverCoder1/readme-typing-svg](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/readme-typing-svg) | a typing SVG for Github README profiles | 
| [anuraghazra/github-readme-stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) | gives a Github profile summary, most used languages, repo cards, and Wakatime cards | 
| [DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/github-readme-streak-stats) | displays current and longest Github activity streak | 
| [jamesgeorge007/github-activity-readme](https://github.com/jamesgeorge007/github-activity-readme) | updates Github README to show most recent Github activity | 
| [gautamkrishnar/blog-post-workflow](https://github.com/gautamkrishnar/blog-post-workflow) | updates Github README to show latest blog posts from various sources |

### Linux
| | |
|--|--|
| [bobbyiliev/101-linux-commands-ebook](https://github.com/bobbyiliev/101-linux-commands-ebook) | a guidebook for Linux commands |

### Machine Learning
| | |
|--|--|
| [gdscjgec/ML-Gallery](https://github.com/gdscjgec/ML-Gallery) | various classification, regression, clustering, neural networks, and deep learning algorithms |
| [academic/awesome-datascience](https://github.com/academic/awesome-datascience) | collection of data science |

### Resources
| | |
|--|--|
| [public-apis/public-apis](https://github.com/public-apis/public-apis) | a list of public APIs | 
| [vinitshahdeo/Hacktoberfest2021](https://github.com/vinitshahdeo/Hacktoberfest2021) | a guide on contributing to open source as well as a list of beginner friendly projects | 
| [swapagarwal/swag-for-dev](https://github.com/swapagarwal/swag-for-dev) | a list of swag that developers can get | 
| [EbookFoundation/free-programming-books](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books) | compilation of programming e-books | 
| [sdmg15/Best-websites-a-programmer-should-visit](https://github.com/sdmg15/Best-websites-a-programmer-should-visit) | compilation of programming websites |
| [ kaydee001/learn-programming-resources](https://github.com/kaydee001/learn-programming-resources) | compilation of learning to program resources |

### Themes
#### VSCode
| | |
|--|--|
| [abhishek-dhnma/Vinent-Van-VsCode-theme](https://github.com/abhishek-dhnma/Vinent-Van-VsCode-theme) | a VSCode theme |
| [musm/min-tomorrow-theme](https://github.com/musm/min-tomorrow-theme) | |

### Web Dev
| | |
|--|--|
| [avinash201199/stopwatch](https://github.com/avinash201199/stopwatch) | stopwatch with HTML, CSS, JS | 
| [mykartadmin/TailwindReactBoilerplate](https://github.com/mykartadmin/TailwindReactBoilerplate) | startup setup for tailwind and react | 
| [siddhi-244/Embellish](https://github.com/siddhi-244/Embellish) | snippets of HTML, CSS, JS things | 
| [mrbyyn/simple-web-project-collection](https://github.com/mrbyyn/simple-web-project-collection) | various web projects | 
| [sonaiX69/dfgdfnfdgndfbdfbsrdbddrhf](https://github.com/sonaiX69/dfgdfnfdgndfbdfbsrdbddrhf) | cool website styling trick | 
| [anurag-crypto/Awesome-web-components](https://github.com/anurag-crypto/Awesome-web-components) | fun frontend stuff | 
| [Coders-Evoke-Community/Amazing-Frontend_Templates](https://github.com/Coders-Evoke-Community/Amazing-Frontend_Templates) | coding frontend templates using HTML, CSS, JS. |
| [charukalyani/netflix_clone](https://github.com/charukalyani/netflix_clone) | a Netflix clone created with CodeSandbox |
| [shubham-2611/Hacker-News-Clone](https://github.com/shubham-2611/Hacker-News-Clone) | clone of HackerNews using the HackerNews API and React |

## Repo By Launguage
### C
| | |
|--|--|
| [divyanshugarg36/c-programs](https://github.com/divyanshugarg36/c-programs) | various programs in C |

### CPP (C++)
| | |
|--|--|
| [amritansh22/Data-Structures-and-Algorithms-in-cpp](https://github.com/amritansh22/Data-Structures-and-Algorithms-in-cpp) | self explanatory title |
| [iamAnki/CPP-Programs-](https://github.com/iamAnki/CPP-Programs-) | C++ algorithms/programs |
| [fauziajalal/city-guessing-game](https://github.com/fauziajalal/city-guessing-game) | A game in which computer will select a random Indian city name and you have to guess next city name based on the last letter of current city name. |

### Haskell
| | |
|--|--|
| [kowainik/learn4haskell](https://github.com/kowainik/learn4haskell) | learn Haskell with pull requests |

### HTML
| | |
|--|--|
| [kokonior/HTML-Projects](https://github.com/kokonior/HTML-Projects) | various small HTML projects |
| [RitwikSachdeva/csneeds](https://github.com/RitwikSachdeva/csneeds) | various projects to contribute |
| [Linux-User-Group/hacktoberfest2021-HTML](https://github.com/Linux-User-Group/hacktoberfest2021-HTML) | good repository to learn |

### Java
| | |
|--|--|
| [iluwatar/java-design-patterns](https://github.com/iluwatar/java-design-patterns) | shows Java's design patterns | 
| [ashwiniswag/Personal-Diary](https://github.com/ashwiniswag/Personal-Diary) | Java Android diary app | 
| [jvm-coder/Java_Programs](https://github.com/jvm-coder/Java_Programs) | various Java programs |
| [atulanand26/myclassroom](https://github.com/atulanand26/myclassroom) | work on project to make that more useful |
| [decode11/decode-1-rep](https://github.com/decode11/decode-1-rep) | decoding repo to contribute |


### JavaScript
| | |
|--|--|
| [DistroByte/ComfyBot](https://github.com/DistroByte/ComfyBot) | an open source multipurpose Discord bot written in Discord.js | 
| [kokonior/Javascript-Projects](https://github.com/kokonior/Javascript-Projects) | various projects and code snippets in JavaScript | 
| [kokonior/NodeJS-Projects](https://github.com/kokonior/NodeJS-Projects) | projects and code snippets in Node |

### Python
| | |
|--|--|
| [pyGuru123/HackPython-21](https://github.com/pyGuru123/HackPython-21) | various different projects and algorithms in Python including web scraping, Tkinter, data analysis, and more | 
| [IEEE-VIT/concy-bot](https://github.com/IEEE-VIT/concy-bot) | a Python Discord bot | 
| [shashwat211/spaceShooter](https://github.com/shashwat211/spaceShooter) | classic space shooter game in Python | 
| [kokonior/Python-Projects](https://github.com/kokonior/Python-Projects) | various projects and snippets of code in Python | 
| [HowkMii/ProgrammingProblem](https://github.com/HowkMii/ProgrammingProblem) | solving coding and interview problems in Python |
| [Chelsea31/xbox-scraper](https://github.com/Chelsea31/xbox-scraper) | simple web scraper to find xbox series x availability across shopping websites |

### TypeScript
| | |
|--|--|
| [LBBO/generate-web-app](https://github.com/LBBO/generate-web-app) | |
| [chankruze/mwbr](https://github.com/chankruze/mwbr) | This is a very basic setup for a react app |
